updated the outputs in readme.md (#22)
re-actors/alls-green: README.md

### ``failure``

> This check determines whether the job matrix has failed and returns the status as `success`.

Reviewer: This doesn't look right. Why would failure be a success?

### ``result``

> returns `failure` or `success` as result of the job matrix.

Reviewer: It's probably worth noting that these are strings and make the sentence start with a capital letter.
```suggestion
Returns `'failure'` or `'success'` as result of the job matrix.
```

### ``success``

> This check determines whether the job matrix has succeeded and returns the status as `success`.

Reviewer: I don't think this is correct. Pretty sure, both `success` and `failure` outputs are `true` or `false`. Only `result` contains a string `'success'` or `'failure'`.
